the White House is building pressure on
Israel to pull back on its high
intensity military operation in the Gaza
Strip and end the war with Hamas as soon
as possible despite that the bombardment
continues as the war enters its 70th day
you can see here clouds of smoke
billowing into the sky after multiple
explosions across Northern Gaza there
early on Friday meanwhile in the South
Israeli shelling and air strikes have
destroyed homes in carun and Rafa does
of people have been pulled from the
rubble our correspondent hany Mahmud is
live for us in Rafa in southern Gaza
hany give us an update on the situation
there across the Gaza
Strip yes well good morning and just we
within the past uh few minutes 15
minutes or so is a large cloud of smoke
coming from the northern part of the a
Gaza Strip B Laha District particularly
the northern of B Laha where uh air more
air strikes and artillery Shilling
targeting more residential homes in that
particular district and and and there is
it's a continuation of of what was going
on over uh last night as well in early
hours of of this morning we're talking
about more of these residential
buildings more people becoming displaced
there are reports about uh people being
uh critically injured and if you and
reports about some who were killed with
were within the vicinity of the targeted
residential uh buildings in that in that
area across the Gaza Strip mainly in
khun where a fierce fighting is going on
between Alam fighters on the ground and
the Israeli military under heavy
coverage of aerial bombardment uh a
school evacuation school was targeted
and there reports about uh people were
seriously injured inside a evacu School
were taken and reported to Naser
hospital we we did not get a
confirmation on how many people were
killed in that school yet but there are
reports about those who among them
children and women were critically
injured and rushed to uh to the hospital
here in ra again one more time an area
that's supposed to be safe but people
find themselves under these
unpredictable falling B particularly a
shabura neighborhood in rafah
an area that has been targeted
repeatedly since uh the beginning uh of
the war but what's really uh tragic
about what's going on is the central
part of the Gaza not only suffer from
ongoing artillery Shilling and and
bombing it from uh every once in a while
but all it it is a starvation that is
causing a great deal of suffering and
misery for the people who live there the
resident of the central area and those
who were displaced and evacuated uh
to Refuge campi Refuge camp and the
other areas between salahadin Road and
the coastal Road as it has been
effectively separated from the northern
part and the southern part where there
are no nothing gets in or out people
talks about a depletion of everything of
all the basic needs uh that that are
important for for their survival and
just one thing that I I want to point
point out that direct result of those
ongoing air strikes and ongoing
bombardment is people becoming displaced
and when they're displaced they get
hungry they get thirsty and and that's a
scene that we within the vicinity of of
Naser hospit of of Al Kuwaiti hospital
we see where people their daily mour
starts like this queuing in a crowd
getting some water supply and get back
uh to their homes but this goes on all
day long since late hours of night
people
queue here just to get water and that's
a direct result of what of of those
ongoing bombardment okay hany thanks
very much for bringing us the scene
there down in Rafer and telling us
events and air strikes and the situation
across the Gaza Strip we'll speak to you
more in the coming hours